and there happened to be there a rebel
whose name was sheba the son of bichri a
Benjamite and he blew a trumpet and said
we have no share in david nor do we have
inheritance in the son of Jesse
every man to his ten so Israel so every
man of Israel deserted David and
followed sheba the son of bichri but the
men of Judah from the Jordan as far as
Jerusalem remained loyal to their king
now David came to his house such a ruse
Allah and the King took the ten women
his concubines whom he had left to keep
the house and put them in seclusion and
supported them but did not go into them
so they were shut up to the day of their
death living in widowhood and the King
said to a Mesa assembled the men of
Judah for me within three days and be
present here yourself so a Mesa went to
assemble the men of Judah but he delayed
longer than the set time which David had
appointed him and David said to her be
shy now Sheba the son of bitter I will
do us more harm than Absalom take your
Lord's servants and pursue him lest he
find for himself fortified cities and
escape us so jobs men with the kuroh
fights the pilla fights and all the
mighty men went out after him they went
out of Jerusalem to pursue sheba the son
of bikram when they were at the large
stone which is in Gibeon and mesa came
before them
now job was dressed in battle armor on
it was a belt with a sword fastened in
its sheath at his hips and as he was
going forward it fell out then joy said
to a mesa bayou and health my brother
and Joab took a Mesa by the beard with
his right hand to kiss him but a Mesa
did not notice the sword that was in
jobs hand and he struck him in the
stomach and his entrails poured out on
the ground and he did not strike him
again
thus he died then Johanna and ABI she I
his brother pursued sheba the son of
bichri meanwhile one of Jeff's men stood
near a Mesa and said whoever favors Joab
and whoever is for David follow Joab but
a Mesa wallowed in his blood in the
middle of the highway and when the man
saw that all the people stood still he
moved a Mesa from the highway to the
field and through a garment over him
when he saw that everyone who came upon
him halted when he was removed from the
highway all the people went on after
Joab to pursue sheba the son of bichri
and he went through all the tribes of
israel to Abel and Beth America and all
the B rights so they were gathered
together and also went after sheba then
they came and besieged him enable of
beth may occur and they cast up a siege
mound against the city and it stood by
the rampart and all the people who were
with Joab battered the wall to throw it
down then a wise woman cried out from
the city hear hear
please say to Joab come near by that I
may speak with you when he had come near
to her the woman said are you Joab I am
hear the words of your maidservant I am
listening
they used to talk in former time saying
they shall surely seek guidance a table
and so they would end disputes I am
among the peaceable and faithful in
Israel you seek to destroy a city and a
mother in Israel why would you swallow
up the inheritance of the Lord far be it
far be it from me that I should swallow
up or destroy that is not so but a man
from the mountains of Ephraim sheba the
son of bichri by name has raised his
hand against the king against david
deliver him only and I will depart from
the city watch his head will be thrown
to you over the wall then the woman and
her wisdom went to all the people
and they cut off the head of sheba the
son of bichri and threw it out to joy
then he blew a trumpet and they withdrew
from the city every man to his tent so
Joab returned to the king at Jerusalem
and Joab was over all the army of Israel
benaiah the son of jehoiada was over the
Qura fights and the pilla tights a Dolan
was in charge of revenue Jehoshaphat the
son of a high Lord was recorded Shiva
was scribed zadok and abiathar were the
priests and IRA the Jaya right was a
chief minister under David
[Music]
you